Ty V.

W2D3 - Homework


What is UX/UI?
User Experience (UX) is the process of enhancing customer satisfaction and loyalty by improving the usability, ease of use, and pleasure provided in the interaction between the customer and the product.
User Interface (UI) is the space where interactions between humans and machines occur.
----  ------  ----  ----  ------  ----  ----  ------  ----  ----  ------  ----  

- Discuss - Why do you think Heinz made this change (to their ketchup bottle design)?
I think the company made the change to improve the human experience by allowing the flow of the ketchup to be determined by the user as opposed to the bottle design. Also, a plastic bottle is more user friendly than the glass conterpart.



** How Super Mario Mastered Level Design  - 5:42  ** 

- Discuss - How does this apply to web development? 
I believe it applies to web development because web developers need to keep the user in mind throughout the design process to ensure 



**  Norman Doors: Don't Know Whether to Push or PUll? Blame Design - 5:31  **

- Discuss - How does this apply to web development?
Based upon the information in the video, the design of any product should be intuitive to the user. It should offer some degree of curiosity, to invoke the interest of the user, but the design should not be confusing or require an overt amount of energy from the user with each interface. 



** Information Overload  ** 
- Imagine you are a driver along this road on a Tuesday morning at 9 a.m. Can you park at this spot? 
Yes, you can park for one hour on Tuesday.



** Mystery Meat Navigation **
- Are they(the pictures) clickable?  
Yes.

- If you move your mouse cursor over an image, it changes to a pointer, but what happens when you click on an image?  
After clicking the images, I am redirected to: https://imgur.com/UugV7LZ



** ACTIVITY (5 Minutes) ** 

- What's a site that you use all the time that has good UX?  
Google

How is that site ...

- Goal Focused: 
The main thing I see to interface with is the search bar. It's nice and visible, easy to use, and approachable.

- Invisible: 
The search bar has two main features, a magnifying glass and a flashing curser. Under the search bar are the "Googel Search" and "I'm Feeling Lucky" buttons, which help me search for the information I need.

- Forgiving: 
If I have a typo, the word is underlined within the search bar and even if I enter my search into the Google search engine, Google provides a suggestion at the top of the results page to compensate for my typo, by displaying the correct spelling of my query with the question "Did you mean: ___". 

- Consistent: 
I can trust that each time I enter a query into the Google search engine, I will receive results (unless the site is down, but the dinosaur is a consistent indicator if/when that happens).

- Smooth Onboarding: 
Because the design of the Google search bar is so simplistic, it leaves litle room for doubt or confusion with usage.



** But I'm not a designer! **

Share your projects with your friends, family, and fellow classmates! The best way to find fault in a project is for someone else to try and use it. Try to give them as little outside instruction as possible.  User stories! Write user stories from the perspective of the user: "As a user I want to be able to click on x and have y happen" or “As a ____, I need a ____ in order to ____”.


** EXERCISE ** 


We're going to create the game tic-tac-toe ... but before we begin, what are some user stories that we'll want to make sure we cover?

🐘 Reminder - Write from the perspective of the user: "As a user I want to be able to click on x and have y happen" or “As a ____, I need a ____ in order to ____”.

As a user I want to be able to click on "O" and it be placed on the board randomly or in a position I choose. I need to program an "O" to represent a player in order to present the code with data to compile and the user with a gameplay that feels realistic albiet virtual.


Share your user stories in the tech-talk channel as you write them!